communicative friend
acquired scrolls no longer
and he decided
ask me to
how would you
helped me pick a mask
after my new car
which surprised me a lot because
Today, where only not CT councils
about how to choose an option
and we decided to try the newspaper
standard path
first he turned to his
he was told to
teacher of the year helped
Monty declared oil what you need
what i need
product we work with
it turned out that each station works with
somehow own brand
Kiev addiction he made a contract
find out whether he needs this brand or not
need he tried to cross the attraction
the master that received from the unequivocal
borrowers say
question 74 what's the difference
we are responsible
thereafter
we decided to try
get no
the internet
It turned out that in order to choose
Moscow
through the Internet
actually do it
not so easy
most sites
refers to Turkmen from here
in a matchmaker site to
just write it down
with car
what are the requirements for this
car systems
I myself
Russia client
for the common man it's hard enough
because they are not ready to perceive
such information
in this situation it took
another clues we had an idea
just went to the store
sad leisure
really they each know it
in response shelf strength
km
Well
as you can see
sellers can't say anything either
specifically
as a rule, they also apply different
sentence and
who are working stores today
most of them
I suppose enough information
as everybody
by what principle
they are also going to the same standard
schemes
Yes
visiting specialists
specialized resources on the Internet
sites
just added
maybe all the same let's turn to the main
document on his car
service
too much
let's see what is recommended
manufacturer for our car
Nissan Maxim 2000 second year with
mileage of 160 thousand kilometers
open but
to our surprise
we just see
class isaev gaydamak
30 p
without a suit
and the quality of the mass should not be below 1
in USA
complicated
and which one to fix us
pick up
can take the original Moscow
which is sold today under stores
Nissan brand
it turns out there are two Nisan oils
kinds of we can buy plastic canister
secularity 5 40
we can buy asian secularity
for a simple drag on so what
we still did
campus then you and me woman 19 years old
Very little can be done in this situation.
with the exception of
same to someone
asian
European and American
the only thing that can happen
such information
what interval
we use for replacement after all
also worked 160 thousand kilometers
in the orphanage
maybe something
and not all
not every one of them can
so say we can't get
how can I take into account what the engines went
most of the already changed
most car owners of their
daughters
even if he has a car on the verge
already death
he requires thomas in which it is written
Then it is surprised that Thomas is enough
quickly
Twente this information is confirmed then
prefers could not
no mechanic is alone
the seller is sorry there yet
alcohol in this regard could not
I want to post
and some
laid
in these in all matters of choice
marchenko brand
asian and european
as the best producer
suitable for washington
all are there Peter
use victor questions sharpness
use when choosing rashi vanessa
May
all this we try
there practically
stay with us
n